Feature/2470 bucket schema (#2765)
influxdata/docs-v2: content/influxdb/v2.0/reference/cli/influx/bucket/create.md

| `-h` | `--help`                 | Help for the `create` command                                         |            |                       |
|      | `--hide-headers`         | Hide table headers (default `false`)                                  |            | `INFLUX_HIDE_HEADERS` |
|      | `--host`                 | HTTP address of InfluxDB (default `http://localhost:8086`)            |   string   | `INFLUX_HOST`         |
|      | `--json`                 | Output data as JSON (default `false`)                                 |            | `INFLUX_OUTPUT_JSON`  |
| `-n` | `--name`                 | Bucket name                                                           |   string   | `INFLUX_BUCKET_NAME`  |
| `-o` | `--org`                  | Organization name (mutually exclusive with `--org-id`)                |   string   | `INFLUX_ORG`          |
|      | `--org-id`               | Organization ID (mutually exclusive with `--org`)                     |   string   | `INFLUX_ORG_ID`       |
| `-r` | `--retention`            | Duration bucket retains data (0 is infinite, default is 0)            |  duration  |                       |

> |      | `--schema-type`          | The schema type (`explicit`, default `implicit`) (Cloud only)         |   string   |                       |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|      | `--schema-type`          | Bucket schema type (`explicit`, default `implicit`) _(Cloud only)_         |   string   |                       |
```

- [Create a bucket with a custom shard group duration](#create-a-bucket-with-a-custom-shard-group-duration)

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- [Create a bucket with an explicit schema](#create-a-bucket-with-an-explicit-schema)
```

  --retention 30d \
  --shard-group-duration 2d
```

> ##### Create a bucket with custom bucket-schema
> 
> Explicit buckets and [bucket-schema](/influxdb/cloud/reference/cli/influx/bucket-schema)
>  are only supported in **InfluxDB Cloud**.
> For more information, see [Manage bucket schema](/influxdb/cloud/organizations/bucket-schema/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
##### Create a bucket with an explicit schema

{{% cloud %}}
[Explicit bucket schemas](/influxdb/cloud/reference/cli/influx/bucket-schema) are only
supported in **InfluxDB Cloud**.
For more information, see [Manage bucket schema](/influxdb/cloud/organizations/bucket-schema/).
{{% /cloud %}}
```

  --retention 30d \
  --shard-group-duration 2d
```

> 

Reviewer 2: May be helpful in the task-based "[Create a bucket](https://docs.influxdata.com/influxdb/cloud/organizations/buckets/create-bucket/)" doc to add link to how to create a bucket with explicit schema?

##### Create a bucket with an explicit schema

{{% cloud %}}

> [Explicit bucket schemas](/influxdb/cloud/reference/cli/influx/bucket-schema) are only

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[Explicit bucket schemas](/influxdb/cloud/reference/cli/influx/bucket/create/) are only
```

Reviewer 2: That design issue again....prob would be helpful to also add a link above next to the command `--schema-type` that refers to how to manage bucket schema in case they don't read down into the examples?
